A father's child, a mother's child, yet no one's son. Who am I?
Daughter
A man says, “brothers and sisters, have I none, but that man’s father is my father’s son.” Who is he pointing at?
Son
A shower that lights up the sky
Meteor
An openended barrel, I am shaped like a hive. I am filled with the flesh, and the flesh is alive! What am I?
Thimble
Before Mt. Everest was discovered as the highest mountain in the world, which mountain was the highest?
Everest
David's father has three sons: Snap, Crackle and?
David
Different lights do make me strange, thus into different sizes I will change.
Pupil
Feed me and I live, give me something to drink and I'll die. What am I?
Fire
First you see me in the grass dress in Yellow gay; next I am in dainty white, then I fly away. What am I?
Dandelion
Five men were eating apples. A finished before B, but behind C. D finished before B. What was the finishing order?
CABDE
Forward I am heavy, backwards I am not. What am I?
Ton
Hands she has but does not hold, teeth she has but does not bite, feet she has but they are cold, eyes she has but without sight. Who is she?
Doll
He has married many but has never been married. Who is he?
Priest
How many 9's are there between 1 and 100?
Twenty
I am an odd number. Take away one letter and I become even. What number am I?
Seven
I am in the sky but also in the ground. When you study me, no matter how long, I will always end with an f. I may be in your yard but not in your house. What am I?
Leaf
I am lighter than air but a million men cannot lift me up. What am I?
Bubble
I cover what's real, hide what is true, but sometimes bring out the courage in you. What am I?
Makeup
I fasten it and it walks. I unfasten it and it stops. What is it?
Sandal
I give milk and have a horn but I'm not a cow? Who am I?
Milk Truck
I go in hard. I come out soft. You blow me hard. What am I?
Gum
I have a face, two arms, and two hands, yet I can not move. I count to twelve, yet I can not speak, I can still tell you something everyday.
Clock
I have keys but no locks. I have space but no room. You can enter but can't go outside. What am I?
Keyboard
I have no bones and no legs, but if you keep me warm, I will soon walk away. What am I?
Egg
I have two arms, but fingers none. I have two feet, but cannot run. I carry well, but I have found I carry best with my feet off the ground. What am I?
Wheelbarrow
I know a word of letters three. Add two and fewer there will be. What is the word?
Few
I pass before the sun, yet make no shadow. What am I?
Wind
I run but never walk, I murmur but never talk, I go but never stop. What am I?
River
I travel the world and I am drunk constantly. Who am I?
Water
I was carried into a dark room, and set on fire. I wept, and then my head was cut off. What am I?
Candle
I'm the part of the bird that's not in the sky. I can swim in the ocean and yet remain dry. What am I?
Shadow
I'm the son of water but when I return to water I die. Who am I?
Ice
If it is two hours later, then it will take half as much time till it’s midnight as it would be if it were an hour later. What time is it?
Nine
If two's company and three's a crowd, what are four and five?
Nine
If you were standing directly on Antarcticas South Pole facing north, which direction would you travel if you took one step backward?
North
In a tunnel of darkness lies a beast of iron. It can only attack when pulled back. What is it?
Bullet
Inside a burning house, this thing is best to make. And best to make it quickly, before the fire's too much to take!
Haste
It is an insect, and the first part of its name is the name of another insect. What is it?
Beetle
It is everything to someone, and nothing to everyone else. What is it?
Mind
It is not your enemy, yet we still beat it. What is it?
Drum
Lives without a body, hears without ears, speaks without a mouth, to which the air alone gives birth. What is it?
Echo
Longer than a decade and shorter than a millennium
Century
Look at me. I can bring a smile to your face, a tear to your eye, or even a thought to your mind. But, I can't be seen. What am I?
Memories
Mary's father has 4 children, three are named Nana, Nene, and Nini. So what is the 4th child's name?
Mary
Mountains will crumble and temples will fall, and no man can survive its endless call. What is it?
Time
My neighbor makes mistakes. I get rid of them. Who am I?
Eraser
Never resting, never still. Moving silently from hill to hill. It does not walk, run or trot. All is cool where it is not.
Sunshine
Not my sister nor my brother but still the child of my mother and father. Who am I?
Myself
Some try to hide, some try to cheat, but time will show, we always will meet. Try as you might, to guess my name, I promise you'll know, when you I do claim.
Death